hey man you trying to build some muscle
yeah that's good man that's real good
you just found one of the best bud
Buddha channel on this bitch shut up
ah fuck up way supper you buddy
got this great uh comment me show to
y'all
volume equals hypertrophy not reps is it
ten sets of three the same amount of
reps as three times ten three sets of
ten yeah I kind of studied on that I'm
sorry is ten sets of three the same as
three sets of ten in the world of
mathematics yeah but in bodybuilding I'm
gonna have to lean no yeah thing is this
look here okay just so you take away cuz
without last workout we did with ten
sets of I mean three sets of ten mmm
with 275 right right and that's what we
did right and we was kind of mixing that
we learn our frequency down and because
you know getting too much snap action
going you know saying I'm pushing 39 so
I can't work out a sprinklin is you
young motherfuckers no I'm saying so he
end up leaving this comment on that
video and you know it's not same thing I
know all the math adds up but it's not
the same thing like if I take three
let's add in three sets of T no 275 so
I'm good
three sets things up and let's say you
don't do it don't do it like that
see now imma do 10 sets of 3 yeah you're
doing the same amount of work but you're
not pushing yourself enough yeah you're
not your muscles not enough you gotta
think of it - it's time on attention man
I mean you if you're working out with a
weight that you beat three sets of ten
and doing 10 sets of three that wait
you're not going to get a great audience
and all the time you should be
110 sets of three is it's what the wait
that's pretty much close to your one rep
max yeah you strength train so in saying
that no it's not the same
totally not to say totally not to say
you waste your time man if you took away
that you could do three sets of ten
indeed at ten sets and threaten a
regular race yeah you ain't gonna be
making no progress in jail man yeah I
don't know I personally I don't think
you're gonna push yourself and I know
the math all adds up yeah but its depth
that would be done the only time I would
do ten sets of three it's with some
heavy-ass wait yeah go up from 275 to
like 315 yeah and do it that way no say
no did your bill whole then you be
focusing on strength
yeah streets more than more if you were
that doing 10 sets of throwing clothing
if you're doing 10 sets of threw the
damn weight you can do 3 sets of 10
easily you don't pussyfoot wasting your
time man you ain't pushing yourself
you're gonna build new muscle cheater
getting big and strong you gotta be
pushing yourself each and every time you
in the gym ya ain't pushing all this is
just advice do ever them fuck you wanna
do